README.md, before:

# AceBook

REQUIRED INSTRUCTIONS:

1. Fork this repository to `acebook-teamname` and customize
the below**

[You can find the engineering project outline here.](https://github.com/makersacademy/course/tree/master/engineering_projects/rails)

2. The card wall is here: <please update>

## How to contribute to this project
See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Quickstart

First, clone this repository. Then:

```bash
> bundle install
> bin/rails db:create
> bin/rails db:migrate

> bundle exec rspec # Run the tests to ensure it works
> bin/rails server # Start the server at localhost:3000
```

## Troubleshooting

If you don't have Node.js installed yet, you might run into this error when running rspec:
```
ExecJS::RuntimeUnavailable:
  Could not find a JavaScript runtime. See https://github.com/rails/execjs for a list of available runtimes.
 ```
That is because Rails will use a Javascript runtime (such as Node) under the hood. The easiest way is to install Node by running `brew install node` - 
and then run `bundle exec rspec` again

Commit message:

so api call returns data and user is created or found when spotify login is performed

README.md, after:

# AceBook

REQUIRED INSTRUCTIONS:

1. Fork this repository to `acebook-teamname` and customize
   the below\*\*

[You can find the engineering project outline here.](https://github.com/makersacademy/course/tree/master/engineering_projects/rails)

2. The card wall is here: <please update>

## How to contribute to this project

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Quickstart

First, clone this repository. Then:

```bash
> bundle install
> bin/rails db:create
> bin/rails db:migrate

> bundle exec rspec # Run the tests to ensure it works
> bin/rails server # Start the server at localhost:3000
```

## Troubleshooting

If you don't have Node.js installed yet, you might run into this error when running rspec:

```
ExecJS::RuntimeUnavailable:
  Could not find a JavaScript runtime. See https://github.com/rails/execjs for a list of available runtimes.
```

That is because Rails will use a Javascript runtime (such as Node) under the hood. The easiest way is to install Node by running `brew install node` -
and then run `bundle exec rspec` again

# Setting up your Spotify Api Key

The App requires the server to be provided with a client_id and a client_secret which can be obtained through the dashboard of spotify's developer page. These are account specific and need to be set before Rails is run. These settings are stored in the config/credentials.yml file. This will be encrypted if you have just pulled from the repository. Run

```
EDITOR="code --wait" bin/rails credentials:edit
```

In the terminal and make adjustments to the yml file before closing the text editor window, the credentials.yml file will now be encrypted and a config/master.key file will have been created. The master key allows you to decrypt the credentials.yml file so ensure that this is not pushed to the repository.
